Update Security Compatibility with MySQL (#5921)
pingcap/docs: security-compatibility-with-mysql.md

TiDB supports similar security functionality to MySQL 5.7, with the following exceptions:

- Column level permissions are not supported
- Password expiry, as well as password last-changed tracking and password lifetime are not supported [#9709](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/9709)
- The permission attributes `max_questions`, `max_updated`, `max_connections`, `max_user_connections` are not supported
- Password validation is not currently supported [#9741](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/9741)

## Authentication plugin status

> 

Reviewer: Any description for the table above? How it makes sense in the context?

Author: Added a description, PTAL

TiDB supports similar security functionality to MySQL 5.7, with the following exceptions:

- Column level permissions are not supported
- Password expiry, as well as password last-changed tracking and password lifetime are not supported [#9709](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/9709)
- The permission attributes `max_questions`, `max_updated`, `max_connections`, `max_user_connections` are not supported
- Password validation is not currently supported [#9741](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/9741)

## Authentication plugin status

TiDB supports multiple authentication methods. These methods can be specified on a per user basis using [`CREATE USER`](/sql-statements/sql-statement-create-user.md) and [`ALTER USER`](/sql-statements/sql-statement-create-user.md). These methods are compatible with the authentication methods of MySQL with the same names.

> You can use one of the following supported authentication methods in the table. To specify a default method that the server advertises when the client-server connection is being established, set the [`default_authentication_plugin`](/system-variables.md#default_authentication_plugin) variable. Support for TLS authentication is configured differently, for that see [Enable TLS between TiDB Clients and Servers](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/stable/enable-tls-between-clients-and-servers).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use one of the following supported authentication methods in the table. To specify a default method that the server advertises when the client-server connection is being established, set the [`default_authentication_plugin`](/system-variables.md#default_authentication_plugin) variable.

The support for TLS authentication is configured differently. For detailed information, see [Enable TLS between TiDB Clients and Servers](/enable-tls-between-clients-and-servers.md).
```
